---
layout: post
title: "Mastodon Culture - Search and Hashtags"
comments: yes
permalink: /:title/
tags: [mastodon]
---
<p>
A few days ago I did a series of hashtag searches and found groups of conversations of a bunch of interesting topics.
Hashtags add speed and excitement to Mastodon.
Given that Mastodon has no global text search except for hashtags and there  is a reason for it.
</p>

<p>
Mastodon was designed with "friction" to slow down the propagation of information.
By forcing propagation of post through posts of individuals and the lack of site wide search.
Mastodon promote small conversations and not the quick spread of mass outrage
</p>

## A Cheesy example of Food Hate speech on Mastodon.

Let's say your aim is naked aggressive hate of cheese, and your passion is spewing hate at all cheese lovers on internet.


<p>
On the bird site you could search for "cheese" and easily find all the suspected members of your hated cheese cabal,
and very easily spew nasty remarks to fans of the evil dairy product.
On Mastodon there is no global text search, so you would have to spend time finding all the member of the cabal you hate so much,
linking then to their Mastodon IDs,
it is much more likely you would spend time somewhere that is not connected with Mastodon.
Mastodon has global search for hashtags, the #cheese-sucks hashtag could be a place to organize your cheese hate strike force.
Of course everyone else can also see your by your public and well known hashtag,
you would eventually be banned by hateful acts, and with no respect to positions any positions on cheese.

## Lawfare posts have hashtags
[Lawfare Blog](https://lawfareblog.com/) one of my favorite source for legal and intelligence community view points and they are now listing their various posts with hashtags on Mastodon,
here is an example - [Democracy After the Midterms](https://www.lawfareblog.com/democracy-after-midterms)
by [Quinta Jurecic](https://mastodon.social/@qjurecic")  attaches the hashtags #USElections #USPolitics #Biden #DonaldTrump #America.
I follow Quinta on Mastodon, so I expect posts like her article but the hash point to other viewpoints on related topics.
This is a very good example many if not all Lawfareblog articles are well-thought-out and deserve a well considered read.

## In the past on Twitter

I have followed various individuals that I want to review their latest work.

